I arrived in a new city
during the rainy season.
It rained all day every day
for a whole month.
At that time,
there were only three publishers there.
The first sister I met
was my new pioneer partner.
At first,
I felt as if the people in this territory
spoke a different language.
When I tried to talk to some people
about the Bible, they did not like it
and some were even afraid of these new ideas.
When government officials
noticed that we had shared
some tracts with the people,
they began to watch us
and followed us for about three months.
I felt overwhelmed by all of this
and became very anxious.
I had few return visits
or opportunities to speak about Jehovah.
I felt lost.
I didn’t know what to do or where to go.
I often wondered,
‘Father, why did you send me here?’
It was like I had gone
from being on a mountain peak
to the bottom of a deep valley.
I studied the Bible
to see how Jehovah
cared for his servants in the past.
For example,
I read how Jehovah
told Jacob throughout his life:
‘I will be with you wherever you go.’
I pictured Jehovah
telling me the same thing:
‘Don’t worry.
Just go,
and I will always be there to help you.’
I begged him to help me
to be balanced, to feel peace,
and to have courage
to go out in the ministry.
One day, Jehovah helped me
to find a very good Bible student.
It was an absolutely wonderful
and unexpected gift from Jehovah.
Our small group joins
congregation meetings through the Internet.
This arrangement is a valuable source
of spiritual food for me.
We get together for meals
and association as well.
The experiences on JW Broadcasting®
make me feel that I am not alone.
And I always smile
and wave goodbye at the end.
It’s wonderful to be here.